TL;DR: Scorebook has made a triumphant return to the App Store! Go get it!

I released Scorebook in November, 2014. At that point I hadn’t seen much code that wasn’t mine, I didn’t know much Swift (no one really did). iOS 8 came out and put some slight refinements on the iOS 7 UI flattening, and we just got the iPhone 6. I also wasn’t an iOS developer by trade.

Fast forward to January, 2018. I’d worked on a bunch of new features and refactors to the app over the years but never did release any of them. I wasn’t happy with a lot of the pieces of the app, and let it go long enough between working on it that I went into a bit of a downward spiral. I knew I wanted it to be better but the time and energy I would need to put into it was overwhelming. And then it got removed from sale because it went so long since an update.

It was in such a state of disrepair from iOS updates, device migrations, and even a key web API I built against going away. I didn’t want to play games because using the app just plain bummed me out. Mid 2018 I even got invited to a beta test of a new app that I was happy to try at first. Then I got sad because I wanted to use my app. It was time for me to decide whether or not I was going to let Scorebook go.



I got to take a bunch of time off in December and went head down. I built a new API for the app to call and get game images. I fixed a bunch of lingering issues that had cropped up. And I got horrified at my code from 2014 (I’m happy to chat over how horrendously I handled images back then if you’re interested – it was real bad).

I’ve also come to really enjoy automating tasks, so I went about implementing Fastlane for screenshots and making my builds that get uploaded to Apple. I spent too much time figuring that stuff out, but it did reveal a key bug at the last minute. Now it’s all done.

Scorebook 1.5 was released today and I couldn’t be more thrilled about it. I’ve got some big plans that I’ve already started working on. I know there’s a lot to do – for instance the UI is still largely the same as when I shipped it in 2014. I want to re-think how matches are set up, and finally ship my sync code that’s still in there (just turned off for the moment).